Add WPT compatibility + CLI arguments (#7)
GoogleChromeLabs/chromium-bidi: README.md

    export BROWSER_PATH="/Applications/Google Chrome Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Canary"
    export BROWSER_PATH="/Applications/Microsoft Edge Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Microsoft Edge Canary"
    export BROWSER_PATH="example/path/to/Chromium.app/Contents/MacOS/Chromium"

    npm run bidi-server -- --browser="/Applications/Google Chrome Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Canary"
    npm run bidi-server -- --browser="/Applications/Microsoft Edge Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Microsoft Edge Canary"
    npm run bidi-server -- --browser="example/path/to/Chromium.app/Contents/MacOS/Chromium"

If it's a newly downloaded binary, first run it manually once to ensure the operating system trusts it.

## Starting the Server

    npm run bidi-server

This will run the server on port 8080. Use the `PORT` environment variable or `--port=...` argument to run it on another port:

    PORT=8081 npm run bidi-server
    npm run bidi-server -- --port=8081

Use the `DEBUG` environment variable to see debug info:

    DEBUG=* npm run bidi-server

> Use the argument `--headless=false` environment variable to run browser in headful mode:

Author: ```suggestion
Use the CLI argument `--headless=false` to run browser in headful mode:
```

    npm run bidi-server -- --headless=false

> ### Starting on Linux

Reviewer: There's probably not much work needed to make it work on macOS and Windows too. What would this section be called if it's OS-agnostic?

Author: we can add it later, but I don't want to focus on it now

Author: Works on Mac. Added TODO to verify if the script works on Windows as well.

> You can alson run the Server by using the shell script `.shell/runBiDiServer.sh`. It will write output to the file `log.txt`:

Reviewer: Does this script need to be inside a `.shell/` directory? This would make sense if the script is only used internally by `npm run something` and shouldn't be seen/used by users, but that's not the case here.

Author: I consider the script as a helper, which is not that different form `.vscode` files. So I decided to add it there. Can you think of any better place for the script?

>     sh .shell/runBiDiServer.sh --port=8081 --browser="example/path/to/browser" --headless=false

Reviewer: The `sh` prefix here isn't needed, `.shell/runBiDiServer.sh` is executable and starts with `#!/bin/sh`. My rule of thumb is that scripts should either be executable and be called directly, or they shouldn't be executable and be called via `bash` or `sh`.

    npm install

Then set the `BROWSER_PATH` environment variable or use `--browser` argument to a Chrome, Edge or Chromium binary to launch. For example, on macOS:

    export BROWSER_PATH="/Applications/Google Chrome Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Canary"
    export BROWSER_PATH="/Applications/Microsoft Edge Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Microsoft Edge Canary"
    export BROWSER_PATH="example/path/to/Chromium.app/Contents/MacOS/Chromium"

    npm run bidi-server -- --browser="/Applications/Google Chrome Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Canary"
    npm run bidi-server -- --browser="/Applications/Microsoft Edge Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Microsoft Edge Canary"
    npm run bidi-server -- --browser="example/path/to/Chromium.app/Contents/MacOS/Chromium"

If it's a newly downloaded binary, first run it manually once to ensure the operating system trusts it.

## Starting the Server

    npm run bidi-server

> This will run the server on port 8080. Use the `PORT` environment variable or `--port=...` argument to run it on another port:

Reviewer: Looks like the `PORT` environment variable no longer works. It doesn't seem very important to keep it working, but can you either remove it from the docs or make it work again?

Author: Added back respect of environment variable in case of no arg passed.

    PORT=8081 npm run bidi-server

>     npm run bidi-server -- --port=8081

Reviewer: Since the `--browser` argument is now required, can you include it in these examples too?

Author: Made `--browser` optional in case of environment variable `BROWSER_PATH` is set. It'll be useful for `.vscode` configurations.
